# LaTeX - Predicting Large Global Reservoirs Status - A Machine Learning Approach---

### Abstract

\begin{enumerate}
	\item \textbf{Landsat clouds covered image recovery} With Landsat satellites, it is not enough data for whole cycle of water body in a year, but the \textbf{trend} of water body in few recent months might feed temporal information into our modified model from STS-CNN method. The result of chapter \ref{chap-3-recover-water-body} might be better if the input is directly cropped on water body boundaries, without resizing or stretching. Recovery model with continous data as reference should be more strictly trained, even if two main parts (prediction model in order to predict next image as reference and recovery model) are pre-trained separately, because of each difficulties.
	
	\item \textbf{Making Prediction with MODIS and Sentinel-1 Data} The data is more abundant that we could build up a dataset which contains full cycle of water body information in a whole year. This temporal attribute is very useful for prediction model to predict the water body in the near future. SAR-image from Sentinel-1 satellite has many benefits, not only being unaffected from cloud cover like optical satellites imagery, but also provide depth information of water body. Combining with area, the follow-up remote sensing problem might be solved: \textbf{Water body volume prediction}.
\end{enumerate}

Three main Chapter \ref{chap-3-recover-water-body}, \ref{chap-4-predict-water-body} and \ref{chap-5-predict-from-sar-image} show potential results when applying time-series data to extract and feed temporal information into deep learning models, to solve different remote sensing problems. Each kind of satellites has many different advantages and disadvantages. In the time we're completing this thesis, we have also learnt how to deal with each type of remote sensing imagery. Landsat data used in Chapter \ref{chap-3-recover-water-body} have an adequately high resolution, however their temporal frequency are quite sparse, which makes them hard to be applied as a sole source of data. In constrast, MODIS data used in Chapter \ref{chap-4-predict-water-body} have a higher temporal frequency, but their quality is usually not well-quality enough due to the low resolution and the high cloud pixel rate problem. Sentinel-1 data have an impressive resolution, however they have just been released since 2014, which prevents them to be directly applied in real world deep learning projects. In conclusion, the complete research on all of these three types of remote sensing data is so necessary with regard to everyone who wants to adopt these useful source of data to solve a real world problem.  
